About the job About the Company: Worldcoin ( www.worldcoin.org ) is an open-source protocol, supported by a global community of developers, individuals, economists and technologists committed to expanding participation in, and access to, the global economy. Its community is united around core beliefs in the inherent worth and equality of every individual, the right to personal privacy, and open and public collaboration. These beliefs are reflected in what the community is building: a public utility to connect everyone to the global economy. The Worldcoin Foundation ( www.worldcoin.foundation ) is the protocol’s steward and will support and grow the Worldcoin community until it becomes self-sufficient. Tools for Humanity ( www.toolsforhumanity.com ) is a global hardware and software development company. It helped launch Worldcoin and continues to provide support to the Foundation, in addition to operating the World App. About The Company Worldcoin is pioneering a new, collectively owned global currency designed to be equitably distributed to as many people as possible. As part of our mission, Worldcoin will launch by offering a free share to everyone on Earth, which we believe is a critical step towards fostering a more inclusive global economy and enabling shared prosperity. We invite you to join our ambitious journey at Tools for Humanity. About The Orb Central to Worldcoin's launch is the "Proof-of-Personhood" system, facilitated by our unique biometric device, the Orb. This advanced imaging device is crucial for verifying human identity and ensuring an individual hasn’t already claimed their free share of Worldcoin. Orbs are operated by a global network of operators to register users, capturing iris encodings and ensuring secure data submission to Worldcoin's backend. Our privacy-preserving approach to Proof-of-Personhood is detailed further in the Worldcoin whitepaper. About The Team The Orb Software team is a compact group of industry veterans, versatile software engineers, and dedicated hackers, united by Worldcoin’s vision. Our responsibilities include all software aspects of the Orb, from development to manufacturing, automated testing, and fleet management. The multifaceted nature of our project demands close collaboration with the Security, Hardware, and AI & Biometrics teams. In our quest to bring the Orb to life, we prioritize foundational thinking, practicality, and focused, meaningful work. We empower team members to manage significant projects from start to finish and pursue excellence together. About The Opportunity We are now looking to appoint a Lead Embedded Software Engineer to guide the Orb Software team, focusing on Internal Tools. This leadership role involves overseeing: Orb manufacturing processes and secure device provisioning. Development of custom tooling for hardware testing of the Orb. Enhancements in release engineering and test automation. Your leadership will be instrumental in scaling the Orb fleet and achieving global deployment. Learn More For insights into our engineering processes and the recent open-sourcing of Orb software components, visit our blog at Worldcoin Engineering Blog . About You We encourage applications from those inspired by Worldcoin’s mission, possessing advanced embedded software engineering skills, and capable of thriving in a dynamic setting. Ideal candidates will demonstrate: Proven experience in developing embedded systems at scale. Expertise in automating complex workflows. Commitment to identifying and resolving system inefficiencies. Proficiency in Rust, Python, Bash, and GNU/Linux. A robust security-focused approach. Outstanding communication skills. Experience with NVIDIA tooling. What we offer: An open and collaborative office space in downtown SF Unlimited PTO Monthly Phone Reimbursement or a company device Daily DoorDash credit for in-office meals Top-tier medical, dental, vision insurance 401k + employer match program This leadership role not only challenges but also empowers you to steer projects and innovate solutions that contribute directly to the technological and humanitarian goals of Worldcoin. Pay transparency statement (for CA and NY based roles): The reasonably estimated salary for this role at TFH ranges from $287,000 - $350,000 , plus a competitive long term incentive package. Actual compensation is based on factors such as the candidate's skills, qualifications, and experience. In addition, TFH offers a wide range of best in class, comprehensive and inclusive employee benefits for this role including healthcare, dental, vision, 401(k) plan and match, life insurance, flexible time off, commuter benefits, professional development stipend and much more! By submitting your application, you consent to the processing and internal sharing of your CV within the company, in compliance with the GDPR